---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wundergraph_federated_subgraph Resource - terraform-provider-wundergraph"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  federated subgraph resource.
---

# wundergraph_federated_subgraph (Resource)

federated subgraph resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "local_file" "schema" {
  filename = "${path.module}/my-subgraph.graphql"
}

resource "wundergraph_federated_subgraph" "my-subgraph" {
  name        = "my.subgraph"
  namespace   = "default"
  schema      = data.local_file.schema.content
  routing_url = "https://my-subgraph.com"
  labels = {
    "some" = "label"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the subgraph to create. It is usually in the format of <org>.<service.name> and is used to uniquely identify your federated subgraph.
- `schema` (String) The schema to upload to the subgraph. This should be the full schema in SDL format.

### Optional

- `is_event_driven_graph` (Boolean) Set whether the subgraph is an Event-Driven Graph (EDG). Errors will be returned for the inclusion of most other parameters if the subgraph is an Event-Driven Graph.
- `is_feature_subgraph` (Boolean) Set whether the subgraph is a feature subgraph.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to apply to the subgraph.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace name of the subgraph.
- `routing_url` (String) The routing URL of your subgraph. This is the url at which the subgraph will be accessible. Required unless the event-driven-graph flag is set. Returns an error if the event-driven-graph flag is set.
- `subscription_protocol` (String) The protocol to use when subscribing to the subgraph. The supported protocols are ws, sse, and sse_post.
- `subscription_url` (String) The protocol to use when subscribing to the subgraph. The supported protocols are ws, sse, and sse_post. Returns an error if the event-driven-graph flag is set.
- `websocket_subprotocol` (String) The subprotocol to use when subscribing to the subgraph. The supported protocols are auto, graphql-ws, and graphql-transport-ws. Should be used only if the subscription protocol is ws. For more information see https://cosmo-docs.wundergraph.com/router/subscriptions/websocket-subprotocols.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
